# 1950s Rock
In the 1950s the cold war started, it was between the USA and Soviet Union. This made other countries worry. The Korean War has started as well. This made other countries to be worried again. Everyone has no enjoyment anymore, since war has been happening. No music, people can't enjoy, have fun and countries have problems because the economy is weak. For example, the Soviet Union is a big country and its government is weak and they are losing people. This made a big hit, where there is no music because the president of the soviet union banned music and people can't enjoy it anymore. The USA is good and the economy was happy and people were enjoying themselves, doing music everyday, having parties etc.. The other countries weren't happy, because of the cold war.

Rock and roll emerged as a defined musical style in the USA in the early to mid 1950s. It derived most directly from the rhythm and blues music. It is also one of the best pieces of music. The characteristics of its drums and loud guitars. The 5 elements of rock and roll. Sound, rhythm, melody, harmony and growth. Rock and roll music is celebrated such as. Young love and freedom from the oppression of middle class society. Rock and roll was controversial, because people were afraid of race mixing. It is all because of people being racist.

The Vietnamese war started and it was between communities and anti-communities. The communities won with soviet union support and the anti-communities supported with USA. This made the USA lose the war. The music stopped for couple of months. This made countries to loss people again, so they decided not to stop music anymore. After the WW2 ended. The soviet union side was completely got destroyed because of the war, the buildings were on fire, the roads etc... The soviet union have to build again, costing a lot of money, which they don't have. 

People are in Asia, can't afford anything, since it costs too much to just pay for food, therefore the music is 
